chore(docs): update for dev rewrite (#2333)
apollographql/apollo-cli: docs/source/commands/dev.mdx

When you start your first `rover dev` process:

> 1. Rover obtains the subgraph schema(s) you provide via either introspection or the [supergraph config file](./supergraphs#yaml-configuration-file).

Reviewer: Does the removal of `file path` mean you can no longer pass in the `--schema` argument to provide a subgraph schema or are we conflating introspection/file path in this sentence?

Reviewer 2: I've updated this so that it's clear (I think) that the supergraph config file is the only mechanism for this now. Is that better?

Reviewer: Added to changelog.

2. Rover composes a [supergraph schema](/federation/federated-types/overview/#supergraph-schema) from the subgraph schema(s).
3. Rover starts a locally running [router](/router) session and provides it the supergraph schema.
4. Rover starts watching the provided subgraph schema(s) for changes, recomposing the supergraph schema whenever it detects a change. This automatically reloads the router.

> 5. If provided via the `--router-config` CLI option, Rover starts watching the router config for changes, automatically reloading the router whenever it detects a change.

Reviewer 3: Nit, I like "when" over "if" here. 
> When provided a `--router-config`, Rover watches the router config for changes, automatically reloading the router whenever it detects a change

### Starting a session with multiple subgraphs

> If you work with a standard set of subgraphs, you can create a [supergraph config file](./supergraphs#yaml-configuration-file) and add all of them to your local router session with a single `rover dev` command.

Reviewer: Much more readible, thank you 🙇‍♀️

Providing a `supergraph.yaml` file also enables you to take advantage of [other config options](./supergraphs#yaml-configuration-file), such as `introspection_headers`.

> Rover watches the `supergraph.yaml` for changes, allowing you to add, remove, or update subgraphs, making those changes available to the router instance. Only one config file may be used at a time for the `rover dev` session.

Reviewer 3: do we watch `supergraph.yaml` or is this a sample value? I think it might be clearer to say 
> Rover watches the value provided to `--supergraph-config`...

> Rover watches the `supergraph.yaml` for changes, allowing you to add, remove, or update subgraphs, making those changes available to the router instance. Only one config file may be used at a time for the `rover dev` session.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Rover watches the [supergraph config file](./supergraphs#yaml-configuration-file) for changes, allowing you to add, remove, or update subgraphs, making those changes available to the router instance. Only one config file may be used at a time for the `rover dev` session.
```

</Note>

When you include a graph ref, Rover uses the associated variant's subgraph routing URLs and schemas from Studio as the supergraph config.
You can view a variant's subgraphs, including their routing URLs and schemas, on the variant's **Subgraphs** page in Studio.

> You may also use remote subgraphs in your `supergraph.yaml`. See the `actors` subgraph in the `supergraph.yaml` example above for the syntax.

Reviewer 3: Eh, I see why you're using supergraph.yaml here, but I think it might be clearer to use `--supergraph-config`. I'll agree if your instincts lead you to keep this as is.

> You may also use remote subgraphs in your `supergraph.yaml`. See the `actors` subgraph in the `supergraph.yaml` example above for the syntax.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You may also use remote subgraphs in your [supergraph config file](./supergraphs#yaml-configuration-file). See the `actors` subgraph in the `supergraph.yaml` example above for the syntax.
```

  --supergraph-config federation_override.yaml
```

> Or by passing the `--federation-version` option. If both are provided, the CLI option takes precedence.

Reviewer: I don't think this is documented yet, is this a new option for the `rover dev` command?

Reviewer 2: Yeah, this is a new option for `rover dev`. In what additional places should we document this?

Reviewer 3: eh, right. Is is our role to prompt the public facing web documentation to be updated ?https://www.apollographql.com/docs/rover/commands/cloud

Reviewer: > Yeah, this is a new option for rover dev. In what additional places should we document this?

I think this is exactly the right place to document this! maybe we just add an example bash command to complement the example YAML/bash method.

> eh, right. Is is our role to prompt the public facing web documentation to be updated ?

Historically for the rover docs, I believe eng has made a docs PR as Brian is doing here, and docs has been happy to review as needed.

## Adding, removing, or updating subgraphs in a `rover dev` session

> While running `rover dev`, it's possible to add, remove, and update subgraphs by updating the `supergraph.yaml` file.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
While running `rover dev`, it's possible to add, remove, and update subgraphs by updating the [supergraph config file](./supergraphs#yaml-configuration-file).
```

> While running `rover dev`, it's possible to add, remove, and update subgraphs by updating the `supergraph.yaml` file. If you're not using a `supergraph.yaml` file, but are using introspection to get the subgraph's schema, changes to that subgraph will be reflected in the router without the need to write a `supergraph.yaml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While running `rover dev`, you can add, remove, and update subgraphs via the `supergraph.yaml` file. If you're not using a `supergraph.yaml` file and using introspection to get a subgraph's schema, changes to that subgraph will be reflected in the router without the need to write a `supergraph.yaml` file.
```

Reviewer: Out of curiosity: can you use introspection and the config file together?

Reviewer 2: The config file can specify subgraphs to introspect, but the mechanism to use subgraph introspection directly instead of giving a supergraph config file has been removed. There should be an update that matches that as well.

  --supergraph-config federation_override.yaml
```

> Or by passing the `--federation-version` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also override a variant's federation version by passing the `--federation-version` option. This argument accepts fully-specified [federation versions](https://github.com/apollographql/federation/releases), prefixed with an equal sign (`=`), for example '=2.9.3'. Alternatively, you can use `=1` or `=2` for the latest release of Federation 1 or 2 respectively.
```

> You can also override a variant's federation version by passing the `--federation-version` option. This argument accepts fully-specified [federation versions](https://github.com/apollographql/federation/releases), prefixed with an equal sign (`=`), for example '=2.9.3'. Alternatively, you can use `=1` or `=2` for the latest release of Federation 1 or 2 respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also override a variant's federation version by passing the `--federation-version` option. This argument accepts fully qualified [federation versions](https://github.com/apollographql/federation/releases), prefixed with an equals sign (`=`), for example '=2.9.3'. Alternatively, you can use `1` or `2` (without an equals sign) for the latest release of Federation 1 or 2 respectively.
```

```bash showLineNumbers=false
rover dev \
  --graph-ref docs-example-graph@current \
  --supergraph-config federation_override.yaml
  --federation-version '=2.9.3'
```

> If both are provided, the CLI option takes precedence. This argument accepts [federation versions](/graphos/reference/router/federation-version-support) in their exact form using a preceding equal sign, such as '=2.9.3'. For latest versions of Federation 1 or 2, it accepts '1' or '2'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If both a `federation_override.yaml` and the `--federation-version` option are used, `--federation-version` takes precedence.
```

### Enterprise features

If you want to use [enterprise router features](/router/enterprise-features/), you must provide both:

1. A graph ref via the `APOLLO_GRAPH_REF` environment variable or the `--graph-ref` option.
2. A [**graph** API key](/graphos/api-keys/#graph-api-keys) either via the `APOLLO_KEY` environment or by [configuring credentials](./config#creating-configuration-profiles) in Rover.

## Federation 2 ELv2 license

The first time you use Federation 2 composition on a particular machine, Rover prompts you to accept the terms and conditions of the [ELv2 license](/resources/elastic-license-v2-faq/). On future invocations, Rover remembers that you already accepted the license and doesn't prompt you again (even if you update Rover).

## Plugins

The ELv2-licensed plugins, `supergraph` (built from [this source](https://github.com/apollographql/federation-rs)) and `router` (built from [this source](https://github.com/apollographql/router)) are installed to `~/.rover/bin` if you installed with the `curl | sh` installer, and to `./node_modules/.bin/` if you installed with npm.

## Versioning

> By default, `rover dev` uses the latest version of the router and composition to use for you. This is currently configured in the Rover GitHub repo, however, you can override either of these by setting the environment variables `APOLLO_ROVER_DEV_COMPOSITION_VERSION=2.0.0` and `APOLLO_ROVER_DEV_ROUTER_VERSION=1.0.0`.

Reviewer: Is the `skip-update` option still available? We might need to document it here or elsewhere since I think this is the only mention of it.

Reviewer 2: I've made an update that hopefully clarifies this.

Reviewer: All clear, ty!
